DOC: Complete API for AMI analyze and normalize (#10095)
spacetelescope/jwst: docs/jwst/ami_normalize/api_ref.rst

===
API
===

Public Step API
===============

.. automodapi:: jwst.ami.ami_normalize_step
   :no-inheritance-diagram:

Complete Developer API
======================

> (Also see :ref:`Other API in ami_analyze <ami_analyze_other_api>`.)

Reviewer: This is no longer called Other API
```suggestion
The developer API is shared with the ``ami_normalize`` step.  See :ref:`AMI Normalize developer API <ami_analyze_other_api>` for more information.
```
